https://www.crazylabs.com/blog_posts/must-have-of-level-design/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/7g4a07/how_to_design_an_infinite_game/

MonsterAssault 1 will be aimed at attracting strictly casual players because of my inexperience with making mobile games. Games
which attract casual players are easier to make than if you were trying to attract competitive players. 

When the app first loads, there will be an option to either login to an account for cloud account storage and other functions.
Both Google and Email logins will be supported. Obviously, the option remains to play without logging in, and stores your data 
locally.

Try to keep game options similar to those available on other apps because of users existing familiarity with them. 
Main application menu (not in chronological order; design the ordering of options later):
	(Tutorial) How to play
	Options
	Start new game - Bring up warning that user will start again from level 0 and overwrite all of their data with defaults 
	Continue on existing game - Can only be used if the user has a currently existing game
	
For device orientation when on the app, only allow users to flip their device horizontally, not vertically. 

Try to make a birds-eye view type game so users can have a more engaging experience.

Do not put ads or in-app purchases in the first iteration of the game because this is a test app.

All of the map asset images will be drawn using a UI tool like Figma or Photoshop. These images will be binded to a class to be
dynamically loaded onto the game grid.

All of the character images will be drawn and implemented similarly to the map asset images. 

Find free game sounds from online somewhere. 

When the device is oriented horizontally there will be a control on the left side of the screen to move in 4 directions, 
or diagonally. On the right side of the screen, there will be a control to use your equipped weapon. If this is required, there
will also be an action on the right side of the screen to perform some action interacting with the world (E.g. opening a door).

When starting the next level, give players an option to enable the functionality for skipping the level, along with an input
for how many times they want to die before being presented the option to skip the current level. By default, this is 3. 


